feat: wasmcloud 1.0 updates (#357)
wasmCloud/wasmCloud.com: docs/tour/scale-and-distribute.mdx

---
title: 'Scale and Distribute'
sidebar_position: 3
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
import washboard_hello from '../images/washboard_hello.png';

## Scaling up 📈

> WebAssembly can be easily scaled due to its small size, portability, and [wasmtime](https://wasmtime.dev/)'s ability to efficiently instantiate multiple instances of a single WebAssembly component. We leverage these aspects to make it simple to scale your applications with wasmCloud. Components only use resources when they're actively processing requests, so you can specify the number of replicas you want to run and wasmCloud will automatically scale up and down to meet demand. Let's scale up our hello world application to 50 replicas by editing `wadm.yaml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
wasmCloud's efficiency and scalability can be attributed to two factors:
- WebAssembly's small size and portability
- [`wasmtime`](https://wasmtime.dev)'s efficient instantiation of multiple instances of a single WebAssembly component

By using the WebAssembly ecosystem, wasmCloud makes it easy to scale your applications. 

Components only use resources when they're actively processing requests, so you can specify the number of replicas you want to run and wasmCloud will automatically scale up and down to meet demand. 

Let's scale up our hello world application to 50 replicas by editing `wadm.yaml`:
```
